Create rule S6173: Reflection should not be vulnerable to injection attacks (C#), move to LaYC format (#2644)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6173/impact.adoc

=== What is the potential impact?

> In the context of a web application performing unsafe reflection: +
> After detecting the injection vector, attackers inject a carefully-crafted
> payload into the application.

Reviewer: We probably shouldn't specify a context here unless there's a specific reason to do so. It would be better addressed in the text itself.

I also feel that we should give a little bit more information in this summary.

```suggestion
If user-supplied values are used to choose which code is executed, an attacker
may be able to supply carefully-chosen values that cause unexpected code to run.
The attacker can use this ability to run arbitrary code on the server.
```

Below are some real-world scenarios that illustrate some impacts of an attacker
exploiting the vulnerability.

==== Application-specific attacks

> In this scenario, the attackers succeed in injecting an seemingly-legitimate

Reviewer: Minor grammar issue.

```suggestion
In this scenario, the attackers succeed in injecting a seemingly-legitimate
```

object, but whose properties might be used maliciously.

Depending on the application, attackers might be able to modify important data

> structure or content to escalate privileges or perform unwanted actions. +
> In the context of an e-commerce application, this could be changing the number

Reviewer: I have a couple of issues with these lines:
- I think we need to pluralize "structure".
- I'm not sure that we need a new line (not full paragraph break) after this text.
- I feel that we should call out the e-commerce application as an example rather than a specialization of this attack.

```suggestion
structures or content to escalate privileges or perform unwanted actions. 
For example, with an e-commerce application, this could be changing the number
```

of products or prices.

==== Full application compromise

In the worst-case scenario, the attackers succeed in injecting an object
triggering code execution.

Depending on the attacker, code execution can be used with different
intentions:

* Download the internal server's data, most likely to sell it.
* Modify data, install malware, for instance, malware that mines cryptocurrencies.
* Stop services or exhaust resources, for instance, with fork bombs.

This threat is particularly insidious if the attacked organization does not
maintain a Disaster Recovery Plan (DRP).

==== Root privilege escalation and pivot

In this scenario, the attacker can do everything described in the previous
section. The difference is that the attacker additionally manages to elevate

> his privileges as an administrator and attack other servers.

Reviewer: Changing to a neutral gender for the attacker.

```suggestion
their privileges as an administrator and attack other servers.
```
